Bug 2082441: Add docs for tagging requirements in UPI clusters (#58)
openshift/aws-load-balancer-operator: docs/tagging/tagging.md

# Tagging Pre-requistes

The `aws-load-balancer-operator` requires specific tags on some of the aws

> resources to function appropriately. These are documented as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resources to function correctly. They are as follows:
```

## VPC

The operator requires the VPC ID during start up and this is fetched using
`kubernetes.io/cluster/${CLUSTER_ID}` tag. This is automatically done
when the cluster is installed in an Installer-Provisioned Infrastructure (IPI),
but in a User-Provisioned Infrastructure (UPI) the user must tag the VPC as follows:

| Key                                     | Value                 |
| --------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| `kubernetes.io/cluster/${CLUSTER_ID}`   | `owned` or `shared`   |

## Subnets

When `spec.subnetTagging` value is set to `Auto` the operator attempts to
determine the subnets which belong to the cluster and tags them appropriately.

> To apply the logic mentioned in [subnettagging](/docs/tutorial.md#subnettagging)
> in UPI clusters, the subnets must be tagged as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the cluster has been installed with _User Provisioned Infrastructure_ the subnets
do not have the tags for the controller to function correctly. In this case the user should tag
the subnets themselves and set the `spec.subnetTagging` field to `Manual`. The tags should
have the following values:
```
